Money is the root of all evil.
Timothy 6:10

Money has never made man happy, nor will it, there is nothing in its nature to produce happiness. The more of it one has the more one wants.
Benjamin Franklin

Money cannot buy peace of mind. It cannot heal ruptured relationships, or build meaning into a life that has none.
Richard M. DeVos

Never spend your money before you have earned it.
Thomas Jefferson

Real riches are the riches possessed inside.
B. C. Forbes

Money won't create success, the freedom to make it will.
Nelson Mandela

Money is only a tool. It will take you wherever you wish, but it will not replace you as the driver.
Ayn Rand

Wealth is the ability to fully experience life.
Henry David Thoreau

Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make.
Donald Trump

Greed is not a financial issue. It's a heart issue.
Andy Stanley

Too many people spend money they earned..to buy things they don’t want..to impress people that they don’t like.
Will Rogers

A wise person should have money in their head, but not in their heart.
Jonathan Swift

Money often costs too much.
Ralph Waldo Emerson

Frugality includes all the other virtues.
Cicero

You can't steal what's given to you.
Hunter (Birthday Boy)

It is not the man who has too little, but the man who craves more, that is poor.
Seneca

Money is a terrible master but an excellent servant.
P.T. Barnum

You must gain control over your money or the lack of it will forever control you.
Dave Ramsey

Wealth is not his that has it, but his that enjoys it.
Benjamin Franklin

Don’t tell me what you value, show me your budget, and I’ll tell you what you value.”
Joe Biden

I’m only rich because I know when I’m wrong…I basically have survived by recognizing my mistakes.
George Soros

I’d like to live as a poor man with lots of money.
Pablo Picasso

No wealth can ever make a bad man at peace with himself.
Plato

No wealth can ever make a bad man at peace with himself.
Plato

I have no money, no resources, no hopes. I am the happiest man alive.
Henry Miller

After a certain point, money is meaningless. It ceases to be the goal. The game is what counts.
Aristotle Onassis

A penny saved is a penny earned.
Benjamin Franklin

All I ask is the chance to prove that money can't make me happy.
Spike Milligan

For I can raise no money by vile means.
William Shakespeare

If you can count your money, you don't have a billion dollars.
J. Paul Getty

Money does not make you happy but it quiets the nerves.
Sean O'Casey

A rich man is nothing but a poor man with money.
W. C. Fields

He that is of the opinion money will do everything may well be suspected of doing everything for money.
Benjamin Franklin

Poverty makes you sad as well as wise.
Bertolt Brecht

Never confuse the size of your paycheck with the size of your talent.
Marlon Brando

Money is better than poverty, if only for financial reasons.
Woody Allen

Anybody who thinks money will make you happy, hasn't got money.
David Geffen

Put not your trust in money, but put your money in trust.
Oliver Wendell Holmes, Sr.

The safe way to double your money is to fold it over once and put it in your pocket.
Kin Hubbard

If saving money is wrong, I don't want to be right!
William Shatner

A man in debt is so far a slave.
Ralph Waldo Emerson

Profit is sweet, even if it comes from deception.
Sophocles

We've got to put a lot of money into changing behavior.
Bill Gates

That money talks, I'll not deny, I heard it once: It said, 'Goodbye'.
Richard Armour

Affluence creates poverty.
Marshall McLuhan

No complaint... is more common than that of a scarcity of money.
Adam Smith

What counts is what you do with your money, not where it came from.
Merton Miller

Friendship is like money, easier made than kept.
Samuel Butler

My pride fell with my fortunes.
William Shakespeare

Very few people can afford to be poor.
George Bernard Shaw

It's morally wrong to allow a sucker to keep his money.
W. C. Fields

Where large sums of money are concerned, it is advisable to trust nobody.
Agatha Christie

A fool and his money are soon parted.
Thomas Tusser

Money just draws flies.
Mahalia Jackson

Wealth and want equally harden the human heart.
Theodore Parker

I'd rather lose my own money than someone else's.
Dean Kamen

Sooner or later, we sell out for money.
Tony Randall

Art for art's sake, money for God's sake.
Simon Raven

There is nothing so habit-forming as money.
Don Marquis

Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art.
Andy Warhol

A business that makes nothing but money is a poor business.
Henry Ford

Rule No.1: Never lose money. Rule No.2: Never forget rule No.1.
Warren Buffett




